# February Monthly Meeting

* **Date**: `6 February 2026`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The Stanford AREDN Project: From Concept to Completion`
* **Presenter**: `Rachel Kinoshita (KK6DAC)` and `Mason Matich (KC3WNY)`
{% include zoom-details.md %}

## Details

**Rachel Kinoshita**, [KK6DAC](https://www.qrz.com/db/KK6DAC){:target="_blank"} moved from Oregon to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989 to work for a start-up email software company and has spent most of her career working in the messaging industry. She now spends her time fighting spam, malware, and phishing attacks. Rachel considers herself still a newbie to ham radio, having only gotten her license in early 2013. Although like many things, Rachel jumped in with both feet and soon got her general license, an HF rig and started exploring the world in the low bands. At the same time, she found herself working with her local Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) to help develop and shape their communications plans and policies. She also found her way to the South County ARES (SCARES) organization where she developed an interest in emergency communications.

**Mason Matich**, [KC3WNY](https://www.qrz.com/db/KC3WNY){:target="_blank"} is a mechanical engineering student at Stanford University interested in spacecraft engineering, mechatronics, and RF systems. Over three years of experience in space systems at SpaceX, MIT LL, and Stanford SSI, he has developed skills in deployables design, CAD modeling, antenna design, embedded systems, and project management. Currently based in Palo Alto, Mason focuses on the design and development of small satellite systems and scaling large deployable solar and antenna structures to fit CubeSat form factors.  He is also the President of the Stanford Amateur Radio Club, W6YX.

## Presentation materials

## Raffle

{% include raffle/202602.md %}

---
**Table of Contents**
* Table of Contents
{:toc}
---

{% include meetings-template.md %}

